Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions applies to the HidayaBot (hereby referred to as "Discord Bot") that was created by TheReaper

Upon inviting the Bot or using it , you are automatically agreeing to the following terms. It is strongly advised that you thoroughly read and understand these terms prior to using the bot. Unauthorized copying, modification of the Application, any part of the bot, or our trademarks is strictly prohibited. Any attempts to extract the source code of the bot, translate the bot into other programing languages, or create derivative versions are not permitted. All trademarks, copyrights, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to the bot remain the property of TheReaper.


HidayaBot does not store or process any personal data.


Please be aware that TheReaper does not assume responsibility for certain aspects. Some functions of the bot require an active internet connection, which can be Wi-Fi or provided by your mobile network provider. TheReaper cannot be held responsible if the bot does not function at full capacity due to lack of access to Wi-Fi or if you have exhausted your data allowance.


If you are using the bot outside of a Wi-Fi area, please be aware that your mobile network provider's agreement terms still apply. Consequently, you may incur charges from your mobile provider for data usage during using the bot, or other third-party charges. By using the bot, you accept responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the bot outside of your home territory (i.e., region or country) without disabling data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you are using the application, they assume that you have obtained permission from the bill payer.


Similarly, TheReaper cannot always assume responsibility for your usage of the application. For instance, it is your responsibility to ensure that your device remains charged. If your device runs out of battery and you are unable to access the Service, TheReaper cannot be held responsible.


At some point, we may wish to update the bot. The requirements for Discord may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the bot.




Changes to These Terms and Conditions
TheReaper may periodically update their Terms and Conditions. Therefore, you are advised to review this page regularly for any changes. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.


These terms and conditions are effective as of 2024-03-23


Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about the Terms and Conditions, please do not hesitate to contact me at tttxxx123321@gmail.com.

